# Homebrew Project Leadership Committee Minutes 2020

# Project Leader

[Mike McQuaid](https://github.com/mikemcquaid)

# PLC Members

- [Jon Chang](https://github.com/jonchang)
- [Markus Reiter](https://github.com/reitermarkus)
- [Misty de Meo](https://github.com/mistydemeo)
- [Sean Molenaar](https://github.com/SMillerDev)
- [Shaun Jackman](https://github.com/sjackman), secretary

# Minutes

- 2020-07-10
  Shaun Jackman proposed that @SeekingMeaning be invited to join Homebrew as members.

- 2020-03-24
  Markus Reiter proposed that @core-code, @ran-dall and @suschizu be invited to join Homebrew as members.
  Motion carried unanimously.

- 2020-03-31
  Jonathan Chang proposed to approve maintainer grant requests.
  Motion carried unanimously.
  Jonathan Chang proposed to increase the total award limit to $2000.
  Motion carried unanimously.

- 2020-06-09
  Jonathan Chang proposed that @gromgit be invited to join Homebrew as members.
  Motion carried unanimously.

- 2020-08-20
  The PLC voted that @miccal (4/5 votes in favour, 1 abstention), @whoiswillma (4/5 votes in favour, 1 abstention), 
  @vidusheeamoli (5/5 votes in favour) and @nandahkrishna (4/5 votes in favour, 1 abstention) be added as members.
